Our guys work here in this lecture, whereas we're going to see our data in the cloud for our database.
So we are not just going to save our data over this authentication tab, but as well over here.
Okay.
Now to do this, we going to need to go back to our visa code and then.
After this we can just give some space.
Does not really matter if we give space or not.
Okay.
And what we can do is we can create a PayPal called user to store.
This user credentials, you can just.
Copy and.
Is this that we can see a darts user as well.
It wants to specify the type of variable.
Most of the time you don't really need to specify the type.
It is the type of user and we can see the user can be.
Okay.
Now imagine while we are doing y, we said it's going to be.
Imagine if the user clicks on the login button.
Clicks on this button and then wins back is going to be all right.
Okay.
So now we can save the user to the.
Cloud faster.
Okay.
Now, to do this, we're gonna need to do some check on.
The reason for this check is we don't want to save the user.
Any time the user clicks on this Google sign in, I think I've renamed my to Google sign and you can
easily just do that as well, or you can just go with the log.
Okay.
Now, the reason we have to do this check, like I said, is we don't want to save the data whenever
the user clicks on this Google sign.
Right.
That is all the time.
We don't want to keep saving that user data all the time.
We just want to save it once.
Right?
Then imagine if the user should restart this app.
I think they're going to see this screen again.
Right.
And when they click on this, we don't want to save that user since we already have it because it has
a check record to give.
Okay.
So.
Well, yeah, we can say so if.
User.
Is not speaker.
First of all, we can check for us if it is not required to know which means the user.
Sorry.
Which means the user is logged in.
Right.
Or are successful, successfully signed in.
It is not a question that we can out of that.
If, again, we can say if you think I just.
If you are credentialed.
That's.
Adds user info then dots is new user.
We only want to save the user.
If it a new user it was already existing user then we don't want to save it with a new user.
Then we can then call the five days.
I think we have the fan base.
Okay.
So we also need to initialize that.
I think I stole it.
I think it's known as quite fast.
Okay.
So we can see, find out.
We can just go ahead and specify is a type of five based faster and less core faster and it's going
to be equal to Firebase.
For us to.
So it's these tents and this.
Okay.
So if is an user then I can see on this curve have these.
Let's think fast.
It's.
Collection.
Okay.
Right.
Collection rights.
Okay.
You're going to call this users guides where all our users are going to be stored.
And issues is going to be connected to this user's collection by what's something more?
That's it.
So this dock is referring to each user.
Right.
That is every single document or every single user.
Okay, now default.
Whenever a user creates an account, a uid is going to be automatically generated.
Right.
Okay.
So for the doc.
Then you're going to see a user that's already.
You say that you can see this available has access to this the case of the tide.
And we can then use a dotted and dots sets.
Okay.
Houses.
And now we can pass the fields we want.
Okay.
The first field is going to be user name and now we can see is going to be user.
The display name because that's what Google has.
Okay.
And the order is going to be the uid.
Well the user ID is going to be user that you already.
And as well.
We can get the profile photo.
All this are names associated.
The heat display name is a name associated to the Google accounts.
The your ID is your ID associated with the Google account as well.
Okay.
So I think I said it automatically generated.
No others are.
What are these fields associated to the Google accounts?
Okay.
Because there's also a profile for to.
So it is going to be user.
That's 4542.
That is a profound for to associated.
To the your Google account, you can see profile photo URL, but we called our field four, five, four,
two.
Okay, great.
Great.
So this is basically it's you can delete this user and just retry.
Okay.
So it's going to look like this.
First of all, going to have a coalition of college users.
Right.
And.
Each user is going to be connected by something on that side.
Well, now we can just automatically generate and is going to be words username and is going to be the
user name associated to the Google accounts.
And we can had.
More field.
Right.
Like the other is your ID and you can just have some to give and you can add as many as your okay.
So that's simply it's okay.
Now all you're going to need to do is to.
Delete this user.
Delete.
So.
But via the elite accounts not the okay delete this user.
This my email address.
You can basically contact me.
It's my quality was achieved.
Okay.
I think mail internet is not connected, but you can just delete this and.
We try.
Okay.
So delay this and then click on this.
You know, that's a try.
Okay.
Definitely is going to work out.
The cabinet is going to which I'm just going to wait for this or do this.
You can basically do this yourself and you're going to see the outcome is going to work as planned.
Okay.
Well, first of all, check in if the user is not know to make sure the user as correctly signed in.
Then over here we are checking if the user is a new user.
If if it is not the user, then it's means we already have that user.
So whenever user clicks on this, we don't want to just keep adding like you can see.
This is the model I serve to talk about and.
So we don't want to keep adding that user to our database.
So only add in the user if it is not a new user can see if it is in use.
That's only when we want to have it.
So if it is a user, does Hulu one wants or had all this data and all this data from the Google account
so you can see the user, the display name, it is the display name associated to the Google accounts.
And the idea as well is is the UID associated to the Google account?
And over here is the photo you have attached to the Google account as well.
The way we are simply saving, it's okay.
Probably I got an error and I can just check this.
Okay.
You can see.
You can see now this is my email address.
My colleague Shimonoseki in catastrophe trade.
And let's see if we have it away.
And of back to the speech.
Look, you can see.
You can see now.
You can see this check for the UID.
So I think this is automatically generated and not from google.
Okay.
The age is going to be different.
You can see this similar to this.
You can see.
You can see the display name is the display name associated.
And this is the Google, the photo Jarrell attached to my Google accounts.
Okay.
Okay, guys, seen in this picture.